Sister hahaha
Sister, you have to call the shots for me
Sister, he not only stole your things
And he hurt me.
He also said that his father is nothing
Sister hahaha mom
Dare to make trouble in the investment industry of the four wealthy families
It's still Miss Hu's person
Boy, how many lives do you have?
Dare to be so arrogant and make trouble here
You are not even qualified to work in our winter vacation
Do you still dare not put the four great apprentices?
Forestry, what are you going to do?
Took our stuff and rewarded my brother
Are you crazy?
First of all, I didn't take your home mission.
Secondly, your brother is speechless
I can't sneak attack
I hurt myself.
I can only say yes
I cover it, you don't have to pay me.
You think you're not capable at all
You can do whatever you want
Aren't you stunned? Today's feast
Not a bottom-level person like you can be neat
If it weren't for the four giants, the four giants wouldn't count
Then what are you?
This time you have to call the shots for me
He not only didn't take you seriously
He didn't kill him.
In my eyes?
Happiness
It doesn't really count.
Tarin can also be punished in this way
public service
That's a slap in the face.
I said huqinqin.
You don't even know your own brother
It's your integrity, a lot of blue mouth
There is no truth you really believe
Really, I might have believed it before
But today you actually said
The four great families are nothing in your eyes
How can I believe?
Although I didn't say that
But it's also true.